So now that you know how YOLO works,
let's play around with some of its parameters.
In this exercise, please complete the following tasks.
The first is, find out which classes YOLO is able to detect
and use some images of your own to see what the network makes of them.
If you like, share some of your results with us, please.
The second is, experiment with the size of the blob image,
and try to find a decent trade-off between execution time on the one hand,
and detection results on the other hand.
Finally, third step, experiment with a thresholds on both confidence,
and the non-maxima suppression to see how detection results change.
Now, the overarching theme with
all three exercises here is to develop a feel for how YOLO performs,
and how it is affected by parameter settings.
Once you are finished, feel free to proceed to
the next section of this lesson. See you there shortly.